# Meeting Notes

- _Date_: 23-Apr-2025
- _Location_: Online
- _Attendees_: Prakriti, Schubert, Aman, Rasagy, Ipsa, Amit

## Agenda

Quick update from each workstreams

- Admin & Meta
- Branding & Marketing
- Communication & Outreach
- Discourse & Editorial
- Events & Conference
- Sales & Partnership
- Community & Moderation

## Notes

-  **Admin & Meta Update**: 
     - Amit shared that tickets will be opened this week on Friday. With physical announcement at the careers events on Saturday.
     - VizChitra is now a DVS affiliate group! Legal stuff done.
     - 16 Diversity slots with Individual & Corporate Scholarship have been confirmed.  Offer for 4-5 slot more pending. All thanks to the  Core Team members (e.g @⁨~Rukmini⁩, @⁨Anand Katakam⁩ @⁨~Kavya Sukumar⁩, …) for supporting it. 
     - These Individual Sponsorship are all pre-sales before doing wider comms to FoV & community. Will setup automated Individual Sponsorship options also as a ticket option. Ipsa to help in messaging for them.
     - Diversity & Student Scholarship group working to make this happen – all thanks to @⁨Ipsa Jain⁩ @⁨~Rukmini⁩ and @⁨Gurman Bhatia⁩. Ipsa working to get this sorted and  get the dates and process in place this week
     - Ipsa shared an update about Volunteering. Requests have been received from FoV form and a first round of sorting done. Another round of review will be done with Gurman (next week). Post that will share with each core group for input as well as discuss best mechanism to incorporate the new volunteers.

- **Branding & Marketing Update** :     
    - No update on the call.
    - [The team has been working on creating icons for various WhatsApp groups and sticker designs for event / marketing giveaway]

- **Communication & Outreach Update**: 
    - Prakriti shared an update on the comms plan for the coming week.
    - A CFP thank you post with 111 proposals, followed by Early Bird tickets announcement will be done.
    - Sponsors post are also ready. Nutanix ones have been shared with them, but they have 2-3 weeks legal review process before proceeding. Revisual ones will be executed shortly. 
    - Planning to make post about the Career Events also. Use the full video and create clips from it for posting like the proposal jam one.
    - Ipsa also shared that she would need comms help to announce the Students and Diversity tickets, as soon as the dates and process is locked by the group.

- **Discourse & Editorial Update**
    - Rasagy shared that the first set of reviews were done by the Editorial team. It was very generous and they still have too many proposals in play 
    - Additional reviews would be needed with more core team members helping (e.g. Gurman, Amit) to both identify “strong accepts” and to reduce the proposal candidate list further.
    - Keynote-level talks selection and creating a “promotion-ready” template page for them to be done next. 
 
- **Events & Conference Update**: 
    - Ipsa shared that we are all ready for the career event on Saturday. Moderator & Panelist ready. Videography & Photography sorted. Event fully booked. Coordination with Epic World for the event logistics ongoing.
    - Reminder emails to participants (not panelist!) will be sent. Rasagy mentioned to also ask them to cancel their participation if their plan changes.

- **Sales & Partnership Update**
   - One hot sponsorship lead courtesy @⁨Urmila J⁩ . Thanks to her perseverance in driving it to this stage.  
   - A few warm leads, though getting pushed / delayed.
   - New messaging for sales in progress, highlighting 111 proposals, DVS affiliation, etc. New April Sales Deck planned to be created next week.
  
- **Community & Moderation Update**
   - Rasagy mentioned that community WhatsApp activity is on a lower priority right now.
   - Organic activity and conversations already happening in FoV Group. No need for restarting Poll of the Day at the moment.
  - He suggested the core team members to write short 1-2 lines responses to support the conversation, as opposed to just relaying on reactions. 

- **Careers Event**: Aman expressed (nervous) excitement for moderating the panel on Saturday. Everyone is looking forward to this event.