# Meeting Notes

- Date: 30-September-2024
- Location: Online

## Attendees

- Zainab
- Karan
- Gurman
- Urmila
- Aman
- Hamsa
- Anna
- Swathi
- Divya
- Poojil
- Amit
- ...

## Branding Considerations

- Naming - Should be for the conference and community. Both at the moment!
- India Factor - Specific for the community here
- Stakeholders have to be convinced? What can Design do? What can Data do?
- Framework to look at the values the conference & community needs to represent
- Tools Monkey vs. InterDisciplinary vs. OpenData people - Who? All?
- Naming - Self Deprecating, Humour, Intangible, Funny

## Name Options

- Vis[Something] is part of the name e.g. VisZone
- Thematic names like Outlier, Metaphor
- [Something]Conf in the name for the conference
- [Something]Festival in the name of the conference
- [Something]Data like What If Data

## Actions

1. Naming and Branding [Hamsa, S Anand, Swati, Divya]

- Set up the sheet to set up with the criteria doc
- Get rough consensus on the naming [All]
- Add the link to the sheet here ->

2. Community stand [Anna, Amit, Aman]

- What are we trying to do in this community?
- What will people gain from this community?
- How can people contribute when they join it?
- What is our charter for this conference and community

3. Conference calendar [Poojil, Zainab, Gurman, Urmila]

- Get started with the conference page on HasGeek?
- Planning a calendar which is for audience aggregation
- 2-3 months of gestation for the community
- 2+ months for doing the conference

4. Conversation Medium [Swathi, Anna, Divya]

- Need to have a conversation platform - WhatsApp? Slack? Discord?
- Use the DVS Slack - India Channel?
- Virtual Meeting every 15 days initially to get started?
- Decide on Saturday Morning

5. Location for the Conference

- Where is the audience? Weather? Month?
- Delhi - Media, Comms Crowd, …
- Bangalore - Open Data Community, Data & AI, …
- Pre Conference activities in different sites

## Meeting Cadence

- In-Person Meeting: Saturday - 1030 Matteo on Church Street, Bangalore
- Virtual Meeting: Monday 1015 - 1100 - BiWeekly (Zainab to set it up)
